courses/react-course/README.md, before:

This is react-course. You can find there code from practices.

## Based on?

- Create-react-app
- Consists of:
    - react
    - react-dom
    - react-router v3.0.0
    - redux
    - redux-saga
    - redux-thunk
    - classnames
    - redux-immutable-state-invariant
    - reset.css

## Requirements

### `node`

### `npm`

## Available Scripts

In the project directory you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.
Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.
See the section about running tests for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the build folder.
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about deployment for more information.

Commit message:

initial commit for redux course

courses/react-course/README.md, after:

This template was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).

## What is it?

- React template for beginners
- Consists of:
    - react
    - react-dom
    - react-router-dom v4.0.0
    - redux
    - redux-saga
    - redux-thunk
    - redux-immutable-state-invariant
    - reset.css

## Requirements

### `node`

### `npm`

## Available Scripts

In the project directory you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.
Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.
See the section about running tests for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the build folder.
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about deployment for more information.
